Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what you're going to do in this lecture is whenever we click on this, we want to print something
into the book console.
Okay?
Not to do this as well.
We're going to make this function reasonable.
So what we can do is over here, we can create a finer and this is going to be a type of void callback.
We can get rid of this and we can call this on press.
On press.
Okay.
Grace.
And I said of this, we can get rid of this and call the press.
On crest.
Okay, great.
Now, then, this thing is to pass it on to the constructor.
So over here, we can add the channel color and say this dots on press.
And away we can make it required.
Okay.
Definitely.
We're going to have an arrow via.
Okay.
So what we can do is that or press then the positive value to it.
For the now we can just say prints.
Prince.
Go.
Sign.
And okay, now we can also start this and check it out.
Okay.
Terminar and.
Then.
Experts.
Okay.
Now let's click on this.
You can see.
Go, go.
Sign it.
Okay.
So I can.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.